Memory Limits DOC-1444 (#2209)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rs/databases/memory-performance/memory-limit.md

Additional factors for Redis on Flash databases:

- [**database persistence**]({{<relref "/rs/databases/configure/database-persistence.md">}}): Redis on Flash uses dual database persistence where both the primary and replica shards persist to disk. This may add some processor and network overhead, especially in cloud configurations with network attached storage.

## What happens when Redis Enterprise Software is low on RAM?

Redis Enterprise Software manages node memory so that data is entirely in RAM (unless using Redis on Flash). If not enough RAM is available, RS prevents adding more data into the databases.

Redis Enterprise Software protects the existing data and prevents the database from being able to store data into the shards.

You can configure the cluster to move the data to another node, or even discard it according to the [eviction policy]({{< relref "/rs/databases/memory-performance/eviction-policy.md" >}}) set on each database by the administrator.

[Redis on Flash]({{< relref "/rs/databases/redis-on-flash/" >}})
manages memory so that you can also use flash memory (SSD) to store data.

> ### If a node is low on RAM, RS follows this order of priority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Low-RAM action priority
If a node is low on RAM, Reds Enterprise Software follows this order of priority:
```
I don't know if this exact suggestion is perfect, but I think this heading might be better as a sentence.
